CONSERVATION

ENDANGERED ANIMALS
The World Conservation Fund will allow you to adopt the following animals:

Lowland gorilla

Black leopard

White Bengal tiger

Snow leopard

Giant Panda

Okapi


GENETIC RESEARCH
Cloning advances allow you to adopt the following dinosaurs and prehistoric animals:

Tyrannosaurus rex

Spinosaurus

Kentrosaurus

Wooly Mammoth

Plesiosaurus

Velociraptor

Ankylosaurus

Coelophysis

Apatosaurus


AQUATIC ANIMALS
The World Conservation Fund will allow you to adopt the following animals:

Narwhal

Shortfin Mako Shark

Great White Shark

Humpback Whale


EXHIBIT FOLIAGE
Thorn acacia tree - allows you to purchase a thorn acacia tree, which is favored by African savannah animals.

Llala  palm tree - allows you to purchase a llala palm tree, which is favored by rainforest animals.

Bamboo - allows you to purchase bamboo, which is the favorite food of the giant panda.

Acacia caffra tree - allows you to purchase a acacia caffra tree, which is favored by African savannah animals.

Globe willow tree - allows you to purchase a globe willow tree, which is favored by the moose.


DINOSAUR FOLIAGE
Monkey Puzzle Tree - allows you to purchase a monkey puzzle tree, which is favored by the tyrannosaurus rex.

Thouarsus Cycad - allows you to purchase a thouarsus cycad, which is favored by the coelophysis.

Glossopteris Tree - allows you to purchase a glossopteris tree, which is favored by deciduous dinosaurs.

Club Moss Shrub - allows you to purchase a club moss shrub, which is favored by the kentrosaurus.

Horsetail - allows you to purchase a horsetail, which is favored by the plesiosaurus.

Bald Cypress Tree - allows you to purchase a bald cypress tree, which is favored by aquatic dinosaurs.

Dawn Redwood Tree - allows you to purchase a dawn redwood tree, which is favored by the velociraptor.

Norfolk Island Pine Tree - allows you to purchase a Norfolk Island pine tree, which is favored by the spinosaurus.

Arctic Birch Tree - allows you to purchase an arctic birch tree, which is favored by the wooly mammoth.


AQUATIC FOLIAGE
Sea Lettuce - allows you to purchase sea lettuce, which is favored by the narwhal

Divercate Tree Coral - allows you to purchase divercate tree coral, which is favored by great white sharks."

Sea Anemone - allows you to purchase sea anemone,

Sea Star - allows you to purchase sea stars, which are favored by humpback whales."


ANIMAL HOUSES
Reptile House - allows you to purchase a reptile house.

Aviary - allows you to purchase an aviary.

Primate House - allows you to purchase a primate house.

Insect House - allows you to purchase an insect house.

Primates of Southeast Asia - provides a new program for the primate house.

Birds of Africa - provides a new program for the aviary.

Deadly Snakes of the World - provides a new program for the reptile house.

Raptors of the World - provides a new program for the aviary.

Lemurs of Madagascar - provides a new program for the primate house.

Venomous Spiders - provides a new program for the insect house.


DINOSAUR HOUSES
Pteranodon House - allows you to purchase a pteranodon house.

Lepospondyl House - allows you to purchase a lepospondyl house.

Ramphorhyncus of the late Jurassic - provides a new program for the pteranodon house.

Dimorphodon of the early Jurassic - provides a new program for the pteranodon house.

Karaurus of the Jurassic - provides a new program for the lepospondyl house.

Diplocaulus of the Permian - provides a new program for the lepospondyl house.


AQUATIC HOUSES
Crustacean House = allows you to purchase a crustacean house.

Tropical Aquarium - allows you to purchase a tropical aquarium.

Clownfish of the Pacific - provides a new program for the tropical aquarium.

Angelfish of the Amazon - provides a new program for the tropical aquarium.

Blue Tang of Bermuda - provides a new program tropical aquarium.

Crayfish of the Mississippi - provides a new program for the crustacean house."

Horseshoe Crabs of the Delaware Bay - provides a new program for the crustacean house."

Spider Crabs of the North Atlantic - provides a new program for the crustacean house."
