RESEARCH

STAFF EDUCATION
Zookeeper training 1 - makes the animals happier when a zookeeper enters their exhibit.

Maintenance worker training 1 - allows  maintenance workers to pick up trash more efficiently.

Zookeeper training 2 - allows the zookeepers to feed the animals more quickly.

Tour guide training 1 - makes the guests happier when listening to the tour guides.

Maintenance worker training 2 - allows maintenance workers to repair exhibit fences faster.

Maintenance worker training 3 - allows maintenance workers to repair tank filters faster.


SCIENTIST TRAINING
Scientist training 1 - makes the dinosaurs happier when a scientist enters their exhibit.

Scientist training 2 - allows scientists to be able to distribute more food upon each exhibit visit.

Scientist training 3 - allows scientists to be able to walk faster.


M. SPECIALIST TRAINING
Marine specialist training 1 - allows marine specialists to walk and swim faster.

Marine specialist training 2 - allows aquatic animal tricks to be researched faster.


ANIMAL SHELTERS
Rock cave - allows you to purchase a rock cave, the favorite shelter of big cats and bears.

Snowy rock cave - allows you to purchase a snowy rock cave, which is favored by polar bears.

Large stable - allows you to purchase a large stable, the favorite shelter of large, hoofed animals.

Large concrete shelter - allows you to purchase a large concrete shelter.

Large lean-to - allows you to purchase a large lean-to shelter.

Large Burrow - allows you to purchase a large burrow, which is favored by giant anteaters and African warthogs.

Large wood shelter - allows you to purchase a large wood shelter.

Large elephant shelter - allows you to purchase a large elephant shelter.

Large giraffe shelter - allows you to purchase a large giraffe shelter.

Panda cave - allows you to purchase a panda cave shelter, the shelter pandas enjoy most.


PANDA CARE
Panda enrichment - makes the pandas happier when a zookeeper enters their exhibit.

Panda fertility - increases the reproduction rate of the pandas.

Panda inoculations - introduces an inoculation program for the pandas, making them less likely to catch diseases.


T. REX CARE
Tyrannosaurus rex Enrichment - makes the tyrannosaurus rex happier when a scientist enters their exhibit.

Tyrannosaurus rex Inoculations - introduces an inoculation program for Tyrannosaurus rex, making them less likely to catch diseases.

Tyrannosaurus rex Temperament Adjustment - makes Tyrannosaurus rex tolerant of more T. rex in its exhibit.


ANIMAL CARE
Nutritional food - increases the nutritional value of the animals' food.

Animal fertility - increases the reproduction rates of the animals.

Reduced food costs - reduces the cost of the animals' food.

Animal antibiotics - introduces an inoculation program for the animals, making them less likely to catch diseases.


DINOSAUR CARE
Nutritional Dinosaur Food - increases the nutritional value of the dinosaurs' food.

Reduced Dinosaur Food Costs - reduces the cost of the dinosaurs' food.

Dinosaur Antibiotics - introduces an inoculation program for the dinosaurs making them less likely to catch diseases.

Dinosaur Longevity - introduces measures that allow dinosaurs to live longer.


AQUATIC ANIMAL CARE
Aquatic animal antibiotics - introduces an inoculation program for your aquatic animals, making them less likely to catch diseases.

Aquatic animal longevity - introduces measures that allow aquatic animals to live longer.


ANIMAL ENRICHMENT
Lion Climbing rock - allows you to purchase a climbing rock.

Swinging log toy - allows you to purchase a swinging log toy.

Gorilla climbing bars - allows you to purchase medium gorilla bars.

Cat climbing tree - allows you to purchase a cat climbing tree.

Large chimpanzee bars - allows you to purchase large chimpanzee bars.


ORCA TRICKS
Reverse Tail Walk - allows the orca to reverse tail walk during performances.

Reverse Breach - allows the orca to reverse breach during performances.


GREAT WHITE SHARK TRICKS
Feeding Frenzy - allows the great white shark to go into a feeding frenzy during performances.

Breach Attack -  allows the great white shark to breach attack during performances.


B. DOLPHIN TRICKS
Bubble Jump - allows the bottlenose dolphin to jump through a bubble ring during performances.

Belly Flop - allows the bottlenose dolphin to belly flop during performances.

Spin - allows the bottlenose dolphin to spin at the tank surface during performances.

Wave to Crowd - allows the bottlenose dolphin to wave to the crowd at the tank surface during performances.


SEA OTTER TRICKS
Jump - allows the southern sea otter to jump during performances.

Spin - allows the southern sea otter to spin at the tank surface during performances.